Add developer overview (#385)
Uninett/Argus: docs/development/birdseye-view.rst

=================
A bird's eye view
=================

.. graphviz:: birdseye-view.dot

Sources
=======

> A source pushes incidents to the argus server via the API. Changes to those
> incidents are done via pushing events. An incident has a field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A source pushes incidents to the argus server via the API. Subsequent changes
to those incidents are made by posting events to them. An incident has a field
```

``incident_source_id`` for storing an id, for changing an already existing
incident by adding an event.

Glue-service
------------

> A glue-service runs independently of argus server. It sits between a source and
> the argus server and translates an incident from the source to the API. The
> ``incident_source_id`` for the incident is copied from the source if available
> or otherwise handled by the glue-service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A glue-service runs independently of the argus server. It sits between a source
and the argus server and translates an incident from the source to the API. The
``incident_source_id`` for the incident is copied from the source if available
or otherwise handled by the glue-service.
```

The glue-service can either be built in to the source, or be completely

> standalone and pull changes from the source before it pushes them on.

Reviewer 2: "pushes them to Argus" instead of "pushes them on", maybe?

Agent
-----

An agent can change existing incidents (by adding events) or create new
incidents by analyzing already existing incidents and events.

It is standalone.

Frontend
========

The frontend fetches a list of incidents according to a user-created filter. It
allows the user to create such filters, to set up notification profiles
using these filters, and to set up destinations to be used in the profiles.

Notification system
===================

A user has one or more notification profiles.

A notification profile is used by the server for sending notifications about
a chosen subset of the incidents. It consists of one or more filters, one or

> more timeslots (for which periods of the day a profile is valid) and one or

Reviewer 2: Actually just one timeslot - even after we make timeslots reusable
